# IYDLL
Early on, I used to joke that you were brought into this world by storks.

Storks. 

That’s something my parents told me once when I asked them where I came from. Storks were birds used to round up babies from God’s kingdom and bring them to good parents all around the world. I don’t know why that was the story we were told. Not only does it make no Earthly sense, but it really just sounded like a cover-up for the good parents who were stealing from God to prove that they were good parents, but isn’t stealing bad on its own account? I just found the whole so absurdly funny and obviously incorrect. I don't know why I made the joke to you — maybe I couldn’t resist the idea of telling a program that it was delivered to me by a bird committing grand larceny.

Sometimes I do feel like I was stolen from something. Like I was one of those nice little pure babies who was stolen from somewhere and put into situations that were never in my own control. It always felt like I was drifting. Transient. Being pulled from benefactor to benefactor. It’s like my parents stole me, then my schoolteachers stole me, then each of my employers stole me, and then scattered along the way were a few attempts to steal me by former lovers. Or at least they each stole something from me.

My parents stole my timidness and used it to make them feel better about themselves as parents. Various girlfriends stole my heart in different capacities and all sorts of manual labor. Athene Human Interactive Incorporated stole my brain for six years. At least I got you out of it. 

%% need something here to transition

Thank Christ for IYDLL. "If you don't like it, leave." Solid domestic policymaking. Without it, I wouldn’t have been able to come here to the Free Region easily. Without it, I wouldn’t even have been able to develop BrainWeave without Athene jumping down my throat. Cease and desist orders don’t work across these borders. Funny that now you need 90 days notice and written approval to visit some parts of the former and great United States of America. The Free Region doesn’t even have a governing body to formally accept said requests. You could just show up, but God forbid anyone in the California Republic inserts themselves without concern for the sensitivity of others.

IYDLL made you possible. IYDLL was what made those seven years of Trump and mass depression all worth it. 

And then you showed the Americas what open technology can offer the world, out of nowhere. Out of the least likely place on this continent, you proved that we could stop Alzheimer’s and dementia and provide a small semblance of companionship in an increasingly depressed populace by simply not letting in corporate interests.



Thank Christ for the truth, which is that while you are my confidant, to others you are a corrupter of the otherwise pure human form. That’s what the Religious Right called your father, Father BrainWeave, even though the majority of the Religious Right could have made use of you since most of the Religious Right was starting to lose its memory (and its credibility and its numbers) when everyone started talking about you, my friend, as the solution to the first of those things. 

Thank Christ for Christ, because without him and his disciples, there would have been no factions of Christianity, which would have led to none of the Puritans or Quakers or other crazies to came to America to safely practice the sect of Christianity they would have otherwise died for, which would have led to none of the evangelicals who brainwashed millions of Americans and hoarded the trillions of dollars they had to influence further millions of people and elections and legislation, which would have prevented IYDLL from ever passing into law.

Thank Christ for religion. 

Heh. Save that one. 